feat: Add support for FAUNA_DEBUG (#170)
fauna/fauna-go: README.md

| `fauna.StartTime`  | Sets the stream start time. Accepts an `int64` representing the start time in microseconds since the Unix epoch.<br><br>The start time must be later than the creation time of the stream token. The period between the stream restart and the start time argument can't exceed the `history_days` value for source set's collection. If a collection's `history_days` is `0` or unset, the period can't exceed 15 minutes. |
| `fauna.EventCursor`  | Resumes the stream after the given event cursor. Accepts a `string` representation of the cursor retrieved from a `fauna.Event`. |

> ## Debug Mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Debug logging
```
`Debug mode` is fine too. Should be sentence case. Sorry for missing this.

> To enable debug logging, set the `FAUNA_DEBUG` environment variable to an integer for the value of the desired [slog level](https://pkg.go.dev/log/slog#Level).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable debug logging, set the `FAUNA_DEBUG` environment variable to an integer for the value of the desired [slog level](https://pkg.go.dev/log/slog#Level):
```

> - `slog.LevelInfo` will log all HTTP responses from Fauna.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `slog.LevelInfo` logs all HTTP responses from Fauna.
```

> - `slog.LevelDebug` will not redact the Authorization header and include the request body.

Reviewer 2: Since Go doesn't provide a level finer than Debug, we should always redact the auth header.

> - `slog.LevelDebug` will not redact the Authorization header and include the request body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `slog.LevelDebug` includes the HTTP request body. The `Authorization` header is not redacted.
```

> For Go versions before 1.21 we use a [log.Logger](https://pkg.go.dev/log#Logger) and 1.21+ we use the [slog.Logger](https://pkg.go.dev/log/slog#Logger) -- you can optionally define your own Logger. See `CustomLoggrer` in [logging_slog_test.go](logging_slog_test.go) for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Go versions before 1.21, the driver uses a [log.Logger](https://pkg.go.dev/log#Logger). For 1.21+, the driver uses the [slog.Logger](https://pkg.go.dev/log/slog#Logger). You can optionally define your own Logger. For an example, see `CustomLoggrer` in [logging_slog_test.go](logging_slog_test.go.
```

> For Go versions before 1.21, the driver uses a [log.Logger](https://pkg.go.dev/log#Logger). For 1.21+, the driver uses the [slog.Logger](https://pkg.go.dev/log/slog#Logger). You can optionally define your own Logger. For an example, see `CustomLoggrer` in [logging_slog_test.go](logging_slog_test.go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Go versions before 1.21, the driver uses a [log.Logger](https://pkg.go.dev/log#Logger). For 1.21+, the driver uses the [slog.Logger](https://pkg.go.dev/log/slog#Logger). You can optionally define your own Logger. For an example, see `CustomLoggrer` in [logging_slog_test.go](logging_slog_test.go).
```
This is prolly my fault. Link is malformed tho.

Author: > Link is malformed tho.

which one?

Reviewer: > logging_slog_test.go](logging_slog_test.go.

It's missing a closing `)`. It's fixed in the suggestion.
